you guys it's just Ravens racing I just
want to give you a some setup chips what
I do and why my bikes
mmm I've got dampers on several models
of bikes and that's how I set them up so
the way they kept stuff from scotts
works very well for a lot of situations
for our dual sport guys we're doing a
lot of dirt roads and that type of stuff
or venture guys or higher speed events
like desert racing for that stuff the
way they come it's really good I like to
ride real tight trails and for me this
the stock settings are a little too
heavy they may make the bike feel heavy
when you're you know whip it up between
the trees or through some plate sections
so my my settings makes it have a wider
feel you know you don't really notice
you have a damper on man so what I do is
on the low speed which is the knob here
and by the way all all dampers it's wide
sleeve and Racing come with this knob
one from other sources they easily dump
but this is little speed up and so turn
this in all the way clockwise until it
bottoms out and you know don't crank it
when you get to the box close to the end
there
just a light modelling there's needles
inside these things you can damage them
if you get carried away so you know like
my dad used to tell me you know tighten
it down till you twist off and back it
off the quarter turn and it's joking
around with the way I was over
tightening stuff on some of my first
bikes mmm so turn this in until it
bottoms clockwise back it out
counterclockwise 12 clicks this is the
high speed here and I can't take this
cap completely off because it hits my
crossbar as you can see that's just a
cap that you pull off it underneath
there is a adjuster that should use a
flat blade screwdriver on and sing with
it turn it in clockwise gently till
globs then back it out one
half-turns so 12 turns 12 clicks out
here one and a half turns out here and
then adjust the sweep differently so
this adjuster here is one on each side
of the damper these are for the sweep
this is this you can read about it in
the manual it's the sweeping motion of
the damper and I set those what leave
Scott's calls the nine o'clock position
probably really hard to see I don't
think you can see it in this video but
but that screw has a little flat side to
it and I put that flat side in the nine
o'clock position or an easier way to
remember is just the dot you can see
there's a dot in it an indentation there
put that up so have that straight up in
the 12 o'clock position on both sides so
just to review real quick 12 o'clock on
both the sweep adjusters one and a half
turns out here 12 clicks out here you do
that you'll have a much lighter feel in
the front end if you're writing take
terrain one thing I recommend that you
do also is to get one these cable guides
that we sell made by clean speed this is
the style here is for the top map damper
which is what I have if you have a sub
mount set up then it's a different less
expensive cable guy threat that maxi
mounts on the damper itself it's also
very slick and those do two things one
is they keep the cable from hanging up
and making this model stick they also
keep the cable from rubbing a hole the
damper because if you just let it lay
against that damper and grip gets on
there it will grind a hole in that
damper you wouldn't think that rubber
would what if you think one of them but
it does
it does all for now